Ya
Everything is on middle
*moodle
Hello,


Diffusion and Fick's law are deceptively simple.  Be careful in defining the appropriate form of Fick's law.  Mass fraction gradient drives diffusion while density gradient caused by temperature differences drive natural convection and the latter is not described by Fick's law.  So mass fraction gradient is more fundamental.  

Also volume averaged velocity is better than mass/molar average velocity.  This is based on partial molar properties (V_1Bar * N_1+V_2bar*N_2) and explicitly defined on concentration gradient.    

We cannot always assume constant total concentration and take rho_t or C_t within the gradient in Fick's law based on mass fraction or mole fraction driving forces.   

So exercise Fick's law with caution.


In the fundamental form, Fick's diffusion coefficients based on mass averaged velocity (and mass fraction gradient), molar averaged velocity (and mole fraction gradient) and volume averaged velocity based on concentration gradient are all the same.  But diffusion coefficient based on density gradient and mass averaged velocity is not the same as the previous three !


We live in confusing times - be careful with definitions.



Sincerely


Dr. Kannan A.
Department of Chemical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
Chennai 600 036
INDIA
 
Telephone: +91-044-2257 4170 (Office), +91-044-2371 7879 (Home)
Home Page	http://www.che.iitm.ac.in/~kannan/
Also we have a test of C slot on Monday at 10am in CRC 102
*101
Before Concepts test I would like you all to read papers in literature on the following topics having relevant heat and mass transfer topics

Solid Dissolution (spinning disk of benzoic acid)

Taylor Vortices


Thermal food sterilization


Flow down a falling film


LMTD in heat exchangers


etc.


You may work in groups of 3, send the paper you reviewed and summarize in one page the mass/heat transfer concepts that you learnt.  One good way to choose a paper is to focus on what you are not sure about and then search for the paper on the concept that was bothering you.


You may not understand the entire paper but at least be aware of the concepts involved.


The summary of concepts that you have learnt should not exceed 1 page.  


Papers selected must be uploaded in google drive for everyone to download - do not send them to me.  However send me the link.

This will be evaluated.  I will evaluate the 1 page summary after seeing the paper your group has selected.  Marks will be also  given for relevance to the subject taught so far.


After this, I will hold the concepts test as I am not sure what concepts you are not clear about.  Deadline for submission is next Wednesday i.e. 20.3.19


Format of the 1 page summary


Concept studied:


Mis-concept that you may have had:


How the mis-concept was clarified and your concept got strengthened




Happy Reading


Dr. Kannan A.
Department of Chemical Engineering
Indian Institute of Technology Madras
Chennai 600 036
INDIA
No
I honestly have no idea
https://goo.gl/forms/2duC40WFLbyrLPTw2

This is a feedback for Acadly
Haan
Here is the App for the position of Department Secretary for our department. This post entails the responsibility of working alongside the Department Legislator to implement the initiatives and solve critical problems of the department. 
Please answer the app questions and send the pdf to ch16b013@smail.iitm.ac.in with the Subject “DS_Rollno_Name”. The deadline for the app submission is *19th March 2019, Tuesday 11:59 pm*. 
For any queries, contact +91 9637505411 or drop a mail on the above email address.

Thanks and Regards,
Saurabh Laddha
Department Legislator (Elect)
A reminder to fill this.
Batch B has to submit the lab report on 20th to Prof Ethaya
Please bring calculators tomorrow for C slot
No
Yes
That's quiz 2
Submission also on Monday?
I'll confirm tomorrow anyway
Also when does everyone want the concept test? Next Wednesday or Friday? 

PS: This Friday, no test, no submission. Just normal class.
Thanks
https://goo.gl/forms/Qt7T9SLgYMoMXEG03
This form is floated to have people on the Department Charter Review Committee. Interested students can join this committee. Department Charter is the Rule Book of the department constituting of the procedures and structures of the organizations in the Department. Your responsibility as a part of the Committee is to help facilitate the drafting of Charter by giving valuable inputs and reviewing the work of Department Legislator in the same context. The drafting of the Department Charter might take time and will undergo several iterations thus brace yourselves.
Note: The Committee is open only for current Second and Third year students.
Thanks and Regards,
Saurabh Laddha
Department Legislator (Elect)
chem.dep.legislator@smail.iitm.ac.in
+91 9637505411
Ref.: p.66-p.67 of Seader and Henley's book (Chapter 3)


Leveque solution gives local Sh for high Graetz number viz. Pe/(x/D)



Hausen correlation  gives average Sh


Let us integrate Leveque solution for kc_local and then see if the average Sh based on this matches with correlation.


See scanned notes attached


Match is good.  Correlation is an approximate expression given for our convenience.  Hence exact match does not occur but the values are close enough
So many students have asked me this doubt hence I confirmed this from the HOD and got back to you guys.
*You need to compulsorily complete an eight weeks industrial internship by the end of your degree.* So BTechs who are planning to do a research intern should definitely do an industrial intern this summer for a min of 8 weeks.
Now for others, it is advisable to do an industrial internship but you can choose any of your internship: either second year summer or third year summer to be converted into the compulsory industrial intern. 
Also, the internship need not be core. However, if it is non core, you need a letter of approval from one of the *systems engineering profs* of our dept to agree that you are indeed doing something close to systems engineering in that non core internship.
The systems engineering profs are:
1. Arun K Tangirala
2. Sreedhar Kumar Narasimhan
3. Shankar Narasimhan
4. Raghunathan Rengaswamy 
5. Niket Kaisare

Regards,
Saurabh Laddha
Department Legislator (Elect)
chem.dep.legislator@smail.iitm.ac.in
+91 9637505411
Alright
The submission for tomorrow maybe either handwritten or a printout. But handwritten is preferred. 
-A. Kannan
Should've rejected you when I had the chance 😏
https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=1-1X_WrY1Exo_pu_kgxjQ15CKrGik_itj

Use smail
Yes
So I'll clarify. The paper you chose has to uploaded here. And the summary has to submitted in class
You may work in groups of 3, send the paper you reviewed and summarize in one page the mass/heat transfer concepts that you learnt.  One good way to choose a paper is to focus on what you are not sure about and then search for the paper on the concept that was bothering you.


You may not understand the entire paper but at least be aware of the concepts involved.


The summary of concepts that you have learnt should not exceed 1 page.  


Papers selected must be uploaded in google drive for everyone to download - do not send them to me.  However send me the link.

This will be evaluated.  I will evaluate the 1 page summary after seeing the paper your group has selected.  Marks will be also  given for relevance to the subject taught so far.


After this, I will hold the concepts test as I am not sure what concepts you are not clear about.  Deadline for submission is next Wednesday i.e. 20.3.19


Format of the 1 page summary


Concept studied:


Mis-concept that you may have had:


How the mis-concept was clarified and your concept got strengthened
Roll numbers
Any group wants to repeat an experiment or any student who was absent & need to do an experiment, PM me. So that arrangements will be made for doing the experiment next week.
Which one!
*?
1 or 2?
Yes
So just in case anyone is still confused, tomorrow there is an exchange of B and D slots and we have a D slot class tomorrow.
1 PM Friday Quiz II CH2014  (5.4.19)


Odd Roll No - MSB 355

Even Roll No - MSB 240
He's taking attendance
No
Coming Friday 2 PM for Concept test marks clarification if any


15.4.19 Monday CRC 101 test on Convective Heat Transfer in Tubes (Closed Book and Notes)
Also students can send doubts on concepts to class reps who will consolidate and send them to me.  

- A. Kannan
There is a new *research intern buddy program* pioneered to aid the students by assigning them to the *senior who received the scholarship*. Interested students please fill the form. Note that this is only for *current second year* students who are *serious* to pursue a research internship in their third year summer. 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfR4xQPzT1Ls7oBOXgsDgQYcLiJeAsVL5bBY1Lg0dS9er7ecA/viewform?usp=sf_link
Do you aspire to get admitted in an Ivy League university for a Research Intern?
Do you wish to know the tricks of the trade for securing any scholarship?
Be sure to attend the Research Internship fundae session wherein stud seniors will share their experience and give tips.
Venue : *MSB 241*
When: *Wednesday, 10th April*
Time: *7 pm*

Warm Regards,
Saurabh Laddha
Department Legislator (Elect)
This is a really good fundae session for research enthusiasts. Do attend it
Heat Transfer in Tubes under laminar and turbulent flow conditions


Reynolds and Chilton-Colburn Analogies


Closed Book, Closed Notes, No mobiles


10 AM -10:50 AM on coming Monday
Test portion for Monday C slot
to further explain, this includes application of correlations
Test instructions:
CIRCLE ONE correct answer in the Objective Type Questions.  



Choices if corrected will have to be endorsed by one of the invigilators.
What is interfacial tension?


Similar to surface tension - for gas-liquid systems


It applies for liquid-liquid systems (e.g. water-kerosene)


It is a measure of the energy required to create new surface.  For big drops in liquid  if interfacial tension is high then they tend

to remain big because of high energy requirement to break them into small drops.  Hence agitation leading to eddies formation is required to break them into smaller drops.  We need smaller drops because they have more interfacial area per unit volume.  

However, if interfacial tension is less, then drops break easily and tend to cause emulsions.   

Drops may exhibit interfacial turbulence exhibiting  Marangoni phenomena that include

a.  Ripples

b.  eruptions

c. offshoot of mass

d. violent and erratic pulsations of the drop
d.  spontaneous emulsification

These cause higher than expected mass transfer.  


Causes


a.  composition variation along the interface from mass transfer
b.  temperature variation along the interface from heat transfer


These lead to interfacial tension gradients since interfacial tension is a temperature and composition dependent property.


Also deviations from equilibrium shape of the drop due to extension and contraction of the interface tends to create these interfacial disturbances.


Moral:  


Simple additive resistances from inverse of mass transfer coefficients and m is only a first estimate of overall resistance.


Keeping silence in class will enable better understanding

Reference:  Laddha, G.S., and T. E. Degaleesan, Transport Phenomena in Liquid Extraction, Tata McGraw Hill, New Delhi, 1976.


Dr. Kannan A.
In addition to scanned test solution I have also attached relevant material on the following


a.  Notes on drop size distribution, holdup and interfacial area

b.  Notes on mechanisms to operate pulsed plate columns



Also refer to Treybal third edition chapter 10 for different mass transfer equipment




Dr. Kannan A.
1. Midsem Q&A 
2. 5 pages on Zeolites

Both handwritten
Greetings everyone!

I am pleased to inform you that after a lot of discussion and requests, the HoD has finally agreed to keep the length of the compulsory summer internship for second years as 6 weeks only. Note that it will be mandatory for the students to produce a certificate from the company as a proof of the same.

Thanking you in anticipation,
  
Warm Regards,
Saurabh Laddha
Department Legislator (Elect)
Department of Chemical Engineering
III Year Undergraduate 
Indian Institute of Technology, Madras
(M) +91 9637505411
C slot quiz 2 papers and concept test papers are with me. Collect it from me
Sheets reinspected will enter update on Monday and inform statistics

Condensation notes attached

Practice problems - as already intimated please refer to books topics wise as follows


Seader and Henley ​Separation Process Principles latest edition  (also has answers in back for selected problems)

Welty Wilkes book on momerntum, mass and heat transfer

Treybal example problems

Bird Stweart Lightfoot Transport Phenomena

Ozizik 

If you have doubts/questions send email


(Do NOT talk in Exam, do NOT carry mobile phones)
Open any book/notes.  NO tutorial sheets, solved problems, previous or current year solutions, papers etc





Thanks
No idea
In turbulent flow correlation  Re = L*v*rho/mu

If L is increased 2 times, v is decreased two times, Re is unaffected and so is Nu.  However if the flow regime changes if v is decreased from 100 m/s to 50 m/s turbulent flow correlation does not apply even if Re is not affected.  

In flow past immersed bodies, (unlike in tubes where velocity and diameter are interlinked), when characteristic dimension of the body is increased and velocity decreased and flow regime may change i.e. become  laminar from turbulent in which case the same correlation may not apply.
Please make the correction to 0.943 (=4/3 times the local value) for falling film laminar vertical plate film condensation for average heat transfer coefficient (h^bar)

 laminar film condensation in for horizontal tube​ the pre-constant for average (h^bar) is 0.725.

Thanks for bringing it out.
​Quiz I average - 14/20

Quiz II average - 12/30

Marks Updated answer sheets given tomorrow  pl collect updated quiz papers from TAs on Friday 2 PM in CRC 101
C Slot
Whoever gave back the paper for rechecking in C slot, please PM me. I'll tell your marks. Not telling in the group cuz uk

PS: Roll numbers 4, 36, 70 your marks didn't increase. Sad
And 116, yours too
Yes
Where did you get this?
So should we apply for the industrial intern requirement thing now or do this next year?
Yes
There's no lab today
Dear All.

Please find details for Assignment 1 due August 14 2019 1645 hours. The assignment requires individual submission and can be hand written or typed.
Please include your roll number and your name during submission. Total maximum marks = 10.

The packed bed experiment will not be part of the Momentum Transfer Laboratory for the 2019 July semester. Describe this experiment with a photograph or a hand drawing and the concept from your course with equations, units and one paragraph description. The description should include why the pressure transducer is a better option.

Show up in laboratory (CHL) on 31 July 2019 (R Slot) or 1 August 2019 (S Slot). Attendance is required.

Your class representative (CR) will forward this message to all of you.

Thank you.
Ramnarayanan R
Course Faculty CH3510 Momentum Transfer Laboratory
It'll be sent on Moodle
As of now idk
+1
Gawd
There's a lab class today at 2. MSB 355
Yes
No
It should be uploaded on Moodle by now
But if it didn't, it should be roughly like it was last semester
I'm not sure but there's attendance tomorrow
.
I'll ask
Yes. There's one today too. I got a mail
CHL
It's today only
CHL at 2
HSBC
I can try shifting it to 10 to 12
Or 10:30ish to 12:30
No
Yes
Yes. In the mail he sent yesterday, he said "he'd discuss about the extra class tomorrow"
Today lab is there. Roll numbers 2 to 49. Rest on Tuesday
CHL
*Young Engineer and Scientist (Y-E-S) Award* was instituted by the *Honda Foundation* in India in 2007 to nurture young students who have excelled in the area of science and technology. 
 Every year 14 students are selected from the different IITs. *Each Y-E-S Award recipient will receive USD 3,000* in equivalent Indian Rupees that shall be utilized solely for pursuing Education/ Skill Development by the student.  
In addition, every Y-E-S Award recipient becomes eligible for the Y-E-S Award Plus, an additional award within four years after he/she received the Y-E-S Award. Students are eligible for an *internship in a Japanese company or research institute*. Internship participants will receive *USD 7,000 for internship in Japan + USD 3,000 preparation fees for further study in Japan* under Y-E-S Plus OR students may opt for USD 10,000 for *Post-Graduation studies in Japan (1-2 years).*

In the 12th edition (Last Year) of Honda Y-E-S Award there were 3 students from IIT Madras who have received this prestigious Award, i.e. *Mr. Sai Uttej Koduri (Automobile Engineering), Mr. Mayur Joshi(Mechanical Engineering) & Mr. Akila Rajan(Mechanical Engineering). Mr. Sai Uttej Koduri* have opted for Honda Y-E-S Plus program & *went to Japan for 10 weeks of Internship*.

This year application registration process for Honda Y-E-S Award program will *starts from 1st August, 2019; Last Date of receiving the applications will be 31st August, 2019.*
All third years are requested to attend the orientation session by  Honda executive to know more about the prestigious award :
*Date :    8 August 2019*
*Day   :    Thursday*
*Time :     6pm - 7pm*
*Venue :   CRC103*
Barath doesn't have it. They removed it. I'm asking around in the CH16 batch
You could also ask your seniors for it
No
*Assignment has to be submitted before 4pm today.* It will be graded and returned before quiz 1.

The lab reports will be graded and returned after all the lab classes.
Yes
Yes
Does anyone have D slot?
There's no lab tomorrow.
No. April fool's preponed.
No dumbfuck there's no lab tomorrow
Because of this
That I don't know. Renga told me that there's no lab tomorrow
I think in the schedule there wasn't a lab scheduled for this week
Yeah there wasn't.
So the from now onwards, Monday and Tuesday lab will be like Thermo lab of last sem for report submission and attendance i.e. everyone waits outside the class and enters on submitting the report and giving the attendance.
If you're going home during Dussehra, don't leave on 2nd which is a Wednesday. You can go on 3rd or 4th. We have the freshie night on 2nd. 
Additionally, people who have already booked tickets and will not be here on 2nd, please to say in the group.
He is
If you can scam, more than one
+1
Do we have A slot?
Greetings everyone!

This message comes from Athul, Head of Sports Organising Committee for this year. He is happy to inform you that the Inter Department League for this year will commence soon. It will be conducted for Basketball, Chess, Cricket, Football, Frisbee, and Volleyball. This will take place throughout this semester as it is not possible to conduct all games at once because of players participating in multiple sports. PFA the Inter Department Rule Book that outlines the rules which will help you clear your doubts about the games and fixtures.

We need to register our department in the sport(s) you would like to participate on or before 29th September 2019 by the captain of the team.
The final team list of the participants for the sports registered must be filled in this form by 2nd October 2019 by the captain of the team.

So interested people are requested to join the Whatsapp group(s) of the game(s) they wish to play. Thereafter, the captain will be decided and registration will be done. The links of the Whatsapp groups is as follows:
Basketball - https://chat.whatsapp.com/LA4Pn8MUH9u5M2RMOJEhSS
Chess - https://chat.whatsapp.com/GevahMkC6VF9LXBoicNirf
Cricket - https://chat.whatsapp.com/D7TF6InlRe753690Slp7tG
Football - https://chat.whatsapp.com/CzjFcIbieeu25xDriIxIeM
Frisbee - https://chat.whatsapp.com/LBxoErpB7vNGEB7eLWVu7a
Volleyball - https://chat.whatsapp.com/Kx3cFOlaQWE1qXpD7OKpLY

The fixtures and dates will be decided immediately after the registration is closed.But tentatively some matches will happen during October first week and later week of October. 

The contact details of the conveners of the various sports are as follows: 
Basketball - +91 6362 748 509
Chess - +91 94449 22663
Cricket - +91 80949 69537
Football - +91 94494 55437
Frisbee - +91 94450 78877
Volleyball - +91 83746 72990.
Feel free to contact them in case of any doubts. 
Go Chemies!
Anonymous to profs nibba
Does anyone have my calculator?
Surprise test in A slot
Come. Prof is not here
*tests
Monday's lab:
3 more experiments are left excluding today's. So 21st, 28th and 29th. The report submission for the lab on 28th isn't to be submitted on 29th.
4th is the make up lab for both batches, Monday and Tuesday
Adding more bad news, there's no lab on 28th but that's a lab this Saturday for the Monday batch. 2-5
Because the lab staff are going home for Diwali
Pls to collect A slot surprise tests 6 and 7 from me
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd5LeP5731WjlUd1fb-77-rLGrszsIiLHGnfluHhmZTGfUbZQ/viewform?usp=sf_link
Pls to fill this by today
Only Wednesday lab junta
Particle characterisation
Yes
Reminder
There's no lab this Saturday. So instead of that we will have it next Thursday.
So overall, Monday's batch we have 3 lab classes left which are on 21st (Monday), 24th (Thursday) and 29th (Tuesday)
Tuesday's batch: no change
4th
In the existing curriculum, there are 2 design related courses – CH4010 (Process & product design) & CH4050 (Chemical Technology & Equipment Design), both offered simultaneously in the 7th semester. The department is considering moving CH4050 to the 8th semester. 

I'm sending a Google form. People who have issues with this fill that up by Tuesday. If there aren't any responses, I'll assume no one has a issue with it
https://forms.gle/YYtsa7Ucz9FBB1Go7

You'll be kept anonymous.
To explain better, I'll compile the answers from here and forward it.
Nope
If the CRE asks whether to keep the end sems open notes or closed notes, we're going for closed notes. Easier paper
You know it's absolute grading, right?
It'll def be easier than open notes
Because the content wasn't a lot
I don't even understand why we're having a discussion on this. Closed notes means easier paper than open notes, regardless of whether he screws us or not. And it's better to go for an easier paper if it is absolute grading
So it doesn't matter for you
Right?
Because he doesn't give a fuck
10:1 majority. Oops
If he does. He did last year. I'm hoping he does this year too
We didn't piss him off this year so he should, right? 😅
F
No
No A slot class tomorrow but Saturday we have extra class from 10:30
He didn't confirm yet. But it's happening mostly. They only wanted to know the issues it would create and I don't think that us wanting to keep our final semester free of compulsory courses is a reason they'd accept. So...
She's not talking about your mail thing -.-
Guys, we have our department GBM today at 6 pm in MSB 241. I request all of you to come. We’ll be reviewing all the work done till now and passing the Department Charter. It won’t take more than half hour.
- Saurabh Laddha, Department Legislator
Hi. Today is the last day to fill out TCF. Just a reminder. Won't be able to see grades if you don't fill it.
And?
