@919493633847 take care Bro
Chap 15 only
Multiple integrals to be precise !
Thanks 🙏
Thanks 🙏 Bro . Saved the day .... and night !!!
Bro u the best !!!! Thanks a lot !!!!
Brilliant
U r beyond comparison
No 😔😔
Thanks harish !!!! 👍🏻
No foul language pls
Best lines of the day
Reply pls ( spectators demand )
Public wants round 2
*****ignore
Was one of the best paper I ever had
No bro
5 are confirming 20 in batch 5
What abt u Akhil
It’s chordh bro not chod!!!
Thanks
Again thanks 🙏 Shaunak
Congratulations guys for entering into finals ; u guys deserved to be in finals . Win it for the freshies
Aree bhai bhai bhai
👍🏽
.
09/11/17, 12:06:24 PM: Mom: Indigo - We beat customers
Jet Airways - We beat our competition not our customers 
Air India - We don't beat our customers. We get beaten by our MPs
Go Air - We don't have customers. 
Air Vistara - We don't have planes.
Kingfisher: If our Boss was here we would have beaten him
Sab log shoes 👟 pahen kar aana
Thank you for the answers
Shiva.IITM.vcf (file attached)
Add  him
Guys he is traveling on Monday that too early morning so probably he won’t be able to show the papers
The world's largest youth-run organisation is now recruiting!
Sign up at www.join.myaiesec.in
Happy new year !!
Akhil u r saying this ??
This is what I explained u when we were having discussion
All the cracker ban is a false propaganda .
In order to improve some conditions , we shud focus other aspects of environmental regeneration
Not at all
No improvement in air quality
Can u see the background
पिछले दिनों Gurgoan जाना हुआ । 
वहां एक मित्र  Navi Singh के घर रुका । उनकी छोटी बहन अमरीका में रहती हैं । छुट्टियों में घर आई हुई थीं ।
 बातों बातों में बताने लगी कि 
*अमरीका में बहुत गरीब मजदूर वर्ग McDonald , KFC और Pizza Hut का burger पिज़्ज़ा और chicken खाता है ।*
 

अमरीका और Europe के रईस धनाढ्य करोड़पति लोग *ताज़ी सब्जियों उबाल के खाते हैं ,*
ताज़े गुंधे आटे की गर्मा गर्म bread/रोटी खाना बहुत बड़ी luxury है ।
 
ताज़े फलों और सब्जियों का Salad वहां नसीब वालों को नसीब होता है ........ 
ताजी हरी पत्तेदार सब्जियां अमीर लोग ही Afford कर पाते हैं । 

गरीब लोग Packaged food खाते हैं । 
हफ़्ते / महीने भर का Ration अपने तहखानों में रखे Freezer में रख लेते हैं और उसी को Micro Wave Oven में गर्म कर कर के खाते रहते हैं ।

आजकल भारतीय शहरों के नव धनाढ्य लोग 
*अपने बच्चों का हैप्पी बड्डे मकडोनल में मनाते हैं ।*
 उधर अमरीका में कोई ठीक ठाक सा मिडल किलास आदमी McDonalds में अपने बच्चे का हैप्पी बड्डे मनाने की सोच भी नही सकता ......... 
लोग क्या सोचेंगे ?
 इतने बुरे दिन आ गए ? *इतनी गरीबी आ गयी कि अब बच्चों का हैप्पी बड्डे मकडोनल में मनाना पड़ रहा है ?*


भारत का गरीब से गरीब आदमी भी ताजी सब्जी , ताजी उबली हुई दाल भात खाता है ......... 
ताजा खीरा ककड़ी खाता है।
 अब यहां गुलामी की मानसिकता हमारे दिल दिमाग़ पे किस कदर तारी है ये इस से समझ लीजिये कि
 *Europe अमरीका हमारी तरह ताज़ा भोजन खाने को तरस रहा है और हम हैं कि Fridge में रखा बासी packaged food खाने को तरस रहे हैं ।*

 अमरीकियों की Luxury जो हमें सहज उपलब्ध है हम उसे भूल *उनकी दरिद्रता अपनाने के लिए मरे जाते हैं ।*

ताज़े फल सब्जी खाने हो तो फसल चक्र के हिसाब से दाम घटते बढ़ते रहते है ।

इसके विपरीत डिब्बाबंद Packaged Food के दाम साल भर स्थिर रहते है बल्कि समय के साथ सस्ते होते जाते हैं । 
जैसे जैसे Expiry date नज़दीक आती जाती है , डिब्बाबंद भोजन सस्ता होता जाता है और एक दिन वो भी आ जाता है कि Store के बाहर रख दिया जाता है , 
*लो भाई ले जाओ , मुफ्त में।*
 हर रात 11 बजे Stores के बाहर सैकड़ों लोग इंतज़ार करते हैं ....... 
*Expiry date वाले भोजन का।*


125 करोड़ लोगों की विशाल जनसंख्या का हमारा देश आज तक किसी तरह ताज़ी फल सब्जी भोजन ही खाता आया है ।
*ताज़े भोजन की एक तमीज़ तहज़ीब होती है । ताज़े भोजन की उपलब्धता का एक चक्र होता है । ताज़ा भोजन समय के साथ महंगा सस्ता होता रहता है।*

 आजकल समाचार माध्यमों में टमाटर और हरी सब्जियों के बढ़ते दामों के लेकर जो चिहाड़ मची है 
*वो एक गुलाम कौम का विलाप है ........* 
जो अपनी ऐतिहासिक सांस्कृतिक विरासत को भूल अपनी गुलामी का विलाप कर रही है ।

*भारत बहुत तेज़ी से ताजे भोजन की समृद्धि को त्याग डिब्बेबन्द भोजन की दरिद्रता की ओर अग्रेसर हो रहा है।*

मित्रों इस पोस्ट को हर हिंदुस्तानी के 
*मोबाइल और मन मष्तिष्क* में पहुँचा दो
I couldn’t find a reason to laugh .
👍🏻
May god bless u if it’s true !!
Does it really matter
Gud gud
Yep 👍🏻
Sorry yaar !
I have no idea what is going on 😅😅
Thanks
Thanks a lot !
Happy birthday everyone !
What shud be the form of submission ?? (Hand graphics or digital graphics )
Thank you !
Pls add 9310524125 ( shiva ) 
:: he is eyeing a comeback !
Vote for RAJ !!
Pls add 9310524125 ( shiva ) 
:: he is eyeing a comeback !
:: first attempt failed !
Arun Jaitely explaining budget to the common man in a simpler language ...👇🏼👇🏼
I prefer both the dates
Logixxxxx
@917218497944 Pune costlier than Delhi 😁😁😁
Both days !!
My vote is final . No compromise for Holi
Aree!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy birthday !!!!
Birthday month !!!( I guess)
👍🏽
Aaye don’t blame your Facebook malfunction on me
I am innocent
Arun played a bigggg role
Now it’s fine , blame is divided 😂😂😂
😱
Epic. !!
Masterstroke By PM Modi !!

No one can match Modi's wit and his sense of humour. !!

To Renuka Chowdhury laughing hysterically during his speech in the Upper House, a smiling PM tells Speaker Naidu: "Please don't stop Renuka-ji. We're fortunate to hear this kind of laughter for the first time since Ramayan"...
Ppl also try for 5th
Oh !!
Then leave it
I have booked my flights
Good good
Mera 1 and 5 dono leave hai
So final call from my side would be that 1 and 5th shud be off provided buffer cs lab is comfi with everyone else
Nooooooo
Bhai good timing
When the final call is made pls inform me personally as I am not following the chat now !
Anybody has done chemical assignment
??
I need structural motivation to glide through this assignment !!!
Yes
Help SOS
Again the debate will start !🙃🙃
Next class !
Ok
Happy birthday !!
Use 22 not 22.0
Mathematical operations shud be done with one datatype only I guess !
It worked ??
Is Cauchy condensation test coming for quiz ??
Thank you
“Adjust your time management “ 
😂😂😂such proper English !!
I don’t think so
Thanks yaar !
I somehow seems to recognise him !!
Happy birthday !!!!
Happy birthday !!!!
Oh !
Thx
‘Philiiph’
https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=OAx6pt8Xluo
AM is not helping me to decipher this !!
😂😂😂
U tried ‘lost and found ‘ in MSB ?
Happy birthday city buoi !!!!!!!!
Same !
Take single pass conversion as 40%
not overall, I guess !
And do atomic Balance of  H AND C in entire system
🙃🙃
Show the entire calc
U making me nervous 😬
F3 will also have H2
?
Give me 4 mins
I interpreted % conversion as 👆🏼
🙃🙃
U can try to do atomic balance at every point and try to check if it is consistent
Yes
Arre bhai bhai bhai
💖💖💖💖
Harsha it could be possible that urs may be correct but check the consistency
I will also check mine again
Same same
What is pdt
??
🤦‍♂🤦‍♂
😂
Some breather
It took time to realise
But it is genuinely good and innovative
I was talking abt the video
Happy birthday !!!!!
I already asked
Happy birthday !!
Do we have gn class tomorrow?
Thanks
So that ppl can ask abt its existence 😅😂
I
No bro Norman Lewis !
😂
4
🙃🙃
For the English experts !! ::::::

For example,

John is taller than I.
-not-

John is taller than me.
-because-

John is taller than I is an elliptical version of John is taller than I am.
And.....

Michael Jordan is better at basketball than I (am).
-not-

Michael Jordan is better at basketball than me.

Now ... since “I” is a subjective pronoun so “I” should be used to refer yourself for a event or work in which you are associated! (Not me )
Yep 🙈 .. it nags me a lot
Happy birthday Sanjay and Pranav !!!!!
Happy birthday !!
Pls tell whom so ever’s assignment/s  ppl have with them !
When the insti sleeps
👍🏻
Len +1
Happy birthday Divika !!
+1
Oh I thought matrices portion is not coming !
No
🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃🙃☹☹☹☹☹☹☹☹☹☹☹🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂🤷🏻‍♂😢😢😢
Help @919082120679
🤔😂
7 th chap is coming ??
When is physics quiz btw?
Oh
Happy birthday !!!
Happy birthday Neeraj !
Ta na na na na a a a aa aa aa aalladin mo......
Dude in perception we score 100
And iit b is less
I don’t see a reason why not
Difficulty of paper doesn’t decide institute’s efficiency
Birla has money problems !!
Oh !
Okay
Okay
It’s bit Ranchi not bits Ranchi
Bits Goa ,HYD ,Pilani is one pact
Bit mesra Ranchi is another birla’s insti
Both of them under different flagship
Good good
Bit admission is thr her mains
Jee*
Good good
Same same
Thx
Yes one more question
The other sheet is misplaced
This is best I have !!
What is happening 😩
🔥
Happy birthday !!
😓
.....
Is it a tutorial ?
Okay !
Thx
Do u have ur separate AM group ?
Then pls make it right now and do the rightful
I am not in ur AM batch (in fact lot of us are not ) so make a separate WhatsApp grp and send the needful msgs
Right now , I have neither empathy not  sympathy!
If u r not able to make ur AM grp then how can u presume to make this notional petition of urs to be a proficient one ☝!!!
Why so much drama bhai !
Thank you for changing the flow of chat !
@919686879446 DON’T sign the petition and I’ll fill every single Proshows survey you send me !
😓
Trickster!
Guys pls do see this fully , it’s very necessary!
?
At 2 right ?
Why do many people from the West countries claim that India is the filthiest and poorest country in the world? by Aryan Pandey https://www.quora.com/Why-do-many-people-from-the-West-countries-claim-that-India-is-the-filthiest-and-poorest-country-in-the-world/answer/Aryan-Pandey-2?share=60743018&srid=UJED
🤗
It’s not there !
Is IIT Madras underrated? by Aryan Pandey https://www.quora.com/Is-IIT-Madras-underrated-1/answer/Aryan-Pandey-2?share=a8e54093&srid=UJED
😐
Phys I guess !
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XBXJDZJiGXY

Guys pls give ur 15 mins to this clip . It’s a definite eye opener
.....
Happy birthday Dhruvi !
Happy birthday !
Rich boi !!
Hmmm 




Good comeback !
Happy birthday!
Ppl should see this !!! 
https://youtu.be/t58Ksgc1iF8
Phir tu kya kar Raha hai !
I guess !
By the way did u saw the entire video
?
See*
The video remarked the point of wrong media projection !
👌 was enough for me to understand I guess
Hmm
———————————————
———————————————
Happy birthday Devansh
Happy birthday vanshikha !
Happy birthday !!
Timing hai Bhai !!!
Please go through the video once and urself be justified of which state or country is more safe for females ...

Ps : some American company recently stated India as the most unsafe country !! Really :: pls click on link to see this 
https://youtu.be/3dXu9AVWrSg
U all are free to give feedback
Bhai video dekha bhi hai tune ????
Then what qualifies!!!
Pls tell me !
And explain me rationally
Not by saying that the report is shit or something else !
If u have data then talk otherwise .....
What !!! 
That report that u termed had lots of data from American and European government and its credibility is also approved ! 
So if u have anything to counter the fact then pls enlighten us .
When did I ever mentioned gurgaon in this debate bro !
Other than clearing my grammatical mistakes , do u have answers
Bhai tu toh May hi Bol
Haan
Tere pass koi aur report hai kya
Even the video ?
SORRY GUYS , I THINK THIS GROUP IS NOT THE RIGHT PLATFORM FOR DISCUSSING A VIDEO AND IS MORE SUITED FOR SOME RANDOM DISCUSSION AND FEW COLLEGE RELATED DISCUSSIONS. I THEREBY WONT PUT ANY VIDEO OR ARTICLE WITH A INFLUENCING CONTENT BECAUSE SOME PEOPLE CANT TOLERATE THE DISCUSSION AND THINK THAT I PROPAGATE SOME MINDSET OR SOMETHING !
SOME PEOPLE ARE JUDGING IN A VERY UNAPPRECIATED WAY AND I EXPECT THEM TO BE LITTLE FLEXIBLE IN APPROACH .

BUT DISCUSSING SOME GOOD TOPICS ( THE DATA IS AUTHENTIC) WILL DO NO HARM BUT EVEN THEN IF YOU ALL FEEL THAT THIS SHOULD NOT BE DISCUSSED THEN FINE , I WONT . 

I REALLY WANTED THE TOPIC TO BE DISCUSSED THAT ACCORDING TO THE VIDEO , RAPE IN INDIA IS DIVERSIFIED INTO MANY FIELDS AND HAS BEEN GIVEN PRIORTY IS ADMISSIBLE SECTIONS ALSO .AND SOME GENERAL AWARENESS ASPECTS ALSO. 

BUT AGAIN PEOPLE THINK THAT I WANT TO QUARREL OR SOMETHING. TO THEM I SAY SORRY PERSONALLY AND REGRET ARGUING WITH A INTELLECTUAL PERSON LIKE YOU.
Yep bro !
Giving apologies is trash talking then I won’t be wrong judging that person!
Not just trash talking , but legendary trash talking !
Oh I didn’t know that !!
Thanks by the way !
Ohkay sorry , I won’t do that again
Sorry again
From next time I will assume that u know the facts correctly and I will ask u only
Because u can judge a person’s factuality level with a chat
Ok sir I will for sure
Oh
Fine next time I will
Anything else sir
Haan haan , Abb se Shaunak bhaiya ki baat sar ankho par !!
It’s fine na Shaunak if I can u bhaiya ?
sorry again for my Misconduct!
Don’t term me as illiterate narcissistic
I failed bhaiya
Aur kuch ??
By the way , which newspaper do u read or which article from which I get all this gyaan bhaiya ??
Ohkay , so tell me ur source na , how can u be so sure abt the views
Oh
Which shows
The question is which I trust
And which u trust ?
??
??
??
Don’t search online for that
Which shows in news ??
BBC has very less coverage area in India
And as far as I know it takes few data from DD channel
Cnn and bbc are both same category bhaiya
Ohkay so how were u so sure abt my illiterate narcissistic views ??
Yes
That u will decide !
U were the one who told that I have a illiterate narcissistic view
U only decide who has point and who doesn’t
What is this then ?
U have already declared me the one with wrong facts
I am the who has stats in form of video and report and I , raj and sriram didnt show any fact even till now
U are only talking English with no stats
Do u have any credible stats to counter mine ??
Give me the counter stats
Then we will discuss
No example
Stat and facts
U only told that my stats and facts are wrong
facts Bata
U have facts or not
Which one
Tell me now
Now means now
U must be knowing them na , since u pointed it out that my facts are wrong
Prove to me that my stats and facts are wrong
U only have logic Kya
Then there is no point discussing
And yeah next time , be polite and don’t cross the limits . I have been polite always in this debate
Yeah , a threat to a person who says i am illiterate
I guess I can also speak that filthy language of urs , but I choose to refrain ! My upbringing has taught me that !
By the way tell my wrong stats ??
They didn’t give stats and facts
They only have words
But I said that my stats were wrong , how come ??
U must be knowing my wrong facts
Pls share my wrong facts
Because u were the one who said my facts are wrong
No logic , stats and facts
Logic can given my many
But facts only by few
So I agreed that I don’t know my wrong facts
And pls don’t change the topic
U have facts to counter my facts
??
If not then logic is not enough to say someone illiterate narcissistic
Why !!!
U termed me as illiterate!
So pls justify it with countering facts
U don’t have patience or facts ??
The truth is that u don’t have facts as well as patience and that is why u as well as others didn’t provide any facts and figure to prove me wrong
Ppl only let their emotional views out !
U only started implying me as illiterate
Bhai , I presented stats
Where are ur stats
American govt websites
Check it now
The video !
Ohkay , so what raj and sriram are saying is not biased
Bhai , u are dropper , and calling me a illiterate??
But dropper hai na ?
Haan
Bits mein 413
Tere ?
Mains mein 1123 rank thi
Tu coaching mein tha na
Wah semi literate person, u say someone illiterate and expect him to be not angry !!
See here’s the true Shaunak !
Filthy and drenched with bad vibes!
Don’t take me seriously, I am just a legendary trash talker
?? Is it happening ..
I emphasise on Kerala’s disaster but installation of army navy and Air Force in state is central govt step and this is being done on a scale bigger than Uttarakhand disaster !
Yeah my relative is army head of operations in south India and he only told me !!! 
Any doubt ??!!
The recent Hercules aircraft has been deployed in Kerala for disaster hit Indian in that state ! 
First time in Indian history
I am speechless !!!! ....... I am talking abt Indian army not Indian govt . Two Indian govt can do :::
1..Give money for relief fund ... and just like in other states this money will be misused ( eg jammu flood . 1000 CR ALLOCATED and Supreme Court said that money was not used properly ! )
2.. put army navy and Air Force into immediate effect . 
Govt did the second thing and army is doing a lot. It’s ur problem that u can’t see our army’s effort !!!
Here in south India , things always get north vs south !!! 
I am really fed up !!! 
Praise ur CM and local governments and be happy !!!
Kerala govt is best !!
People don’t roam around with wrong info .. central had alloted 320 cr and additional 100 cr to disaster relief fund
Army reaching Kerala takes time as majority of army personnel are in international border area for security but even before that army was in the state of Kerala even before Kerala govt declared red alert in its 13 districts !!!!!

Look I am not criticising Kerala govt and I won’t tolerate baseless propaganda! 

First ppl should have proper knowledge of what they are talking !
This is additional
It’s written in the article which is run by an independent media house ( a system followed in democratic governance )
Kerala already had 348 cr in its relief funds from central govt before the disaster and then govt added 320 cr last week and then 100 cr now !!!
What !! Read the article and see the details !  You will the disaster management funds allocated
😂😂😂
Without reading the article , its becomes biased !!!
Video was not biased but the article is biased
Article is by Hindustan times , which has majority of its printing press in south India and it is biased !
And in the video the people making human bridge for assistance are NCMC workers and they were deployed by central government !!! 
Biased ha ??!!! 😠
Central govt also capped max price for flights to Kerala keeping in mind the disaster !!!
Oh is it  ! ...
Oh ! Next time I’ll do that !
And it is discussion not spam !
No
Yep I asked the prof
And legendre polynomial ??
Thxs
Dhanyavad!!
U mean Z will be same because both of them have similar prop ..?
Where to meet the TA ?...
👍🏻
Anybody done with tutorial 2 :question 7 ?? Answer for second part ??
Chill chill got it
Didn’t acknowledged its square
+1
And is the stuff related to stress also comin ??
Thanks
Thxs !!
Happy Birthday Sai Kumar !!
Is it a doubt clearance class or gen class ?
2020 is DE Right ?? How u know abt it ??
Okay .... 
thxs btw
No
#metoo
Taking A slot maths course is not compulsory right ?
Oh ! 
Thxs
Happy birthday Asha !
Happy birthday shounak!!
Do we have tutorial or lecture in b slot today ?
+1
Tmr it’s open notes right ? 
Last yr it wasn’t ?
Happy birthday bhai !!!
Happy new year !!
When is the last date to pay the fee ?
Thxs
Happy birthday !
Yeah . Sir told he won’t keep concept test on Friday
He told that submission on Monday and regarding concept test .. he told he will decide another date .
Happy Holi !!!
No
May the force be with u !
Arre yaar !
Good news after soooo many days!
For a moment I thought... one more test !
What kinda intern - industrial or research ?!
As far as I remember this compulsory internship thingy was till our graduation rt ?
Already asked him
Thxs anyway !
Padh le harish !
Yess
Yesss
Yasss
Excellent stuff
Jai sree ram
Is the extra class till 4 ?😨
Happy birthday bhai !
RIP Diwali !
Ok
Sure
Done
Pakka
Will be there
Sure
Got it !
Sry guys
Sameeee
Gud
F
