I want
Tuesday lab h
Monday flight ticket price soaring high, can we get holiday on Tuesday? 😅
Lakshita doesn't want holiday on Thursday as well
Thursday chalega usko?
Unable to enroll in any except physics.
CH17B023
Chem and maths me enroll nahi ho pa raha h
Haa
😂
Saturday plz
We ?
We r still looking in to it
+1
😂😂
Simran kyu?
😒😒
Happy birthday!!!!
-1
Is it sarcasm again?
😂
Happy birthday!!!
Thanks junta!!!!
Thanks guys!!!!!
Thanks!
Happy birthday !
Hi All,
We are planning to conduct Inter Departmental League for Basketball, Cricket, Frisbee, Football and Volleyball this sem. 
Each department can send only one team for each sport.
 Deadline for registration is 11 August.
 Please form teams and submit your responses to me. 
I'm attaching rule book below.
 For any further query, ping me personally.
Thanks.
Junta, we have football selections tomorrow from 8:30 to 10:30 pm in the institute ground for Inter Departmental League.
Please do turn up for the selections.
Today*
guys, selections have been cancelled due to heavy rain
football selections have been rescheduled to tomorrow from 1:30 to 3:30pm in insti football ground
yep you can attend
Selections have been rescheduled to Saturday 3:30 to 5:30 pm
and sorry for not informing about the cancellation of selections beforehand
Selection Schedule
Basketball- Thursday 6 to 7pm Krishna court
Cricket- Saturday 3:30 to 5:30pm Sangam ground
Volleyball- Saturday 5:30 to 6:30pm Cauvery court
Frisbee- Sunday 4pm Watsa Stadium
Cricket- Saturday 1:30 to 3:30pm Sangam ground*
Cancelled 😓
Rescheduled to 3:30 to 5:30 KV ground
Hemanth informed me just now
Srry
Yup
I didn't get any information. Selections must be going on.
Yeah we have slot after BT
Our slot was from 3:30 pm.
Idk when BT selections will get over
Guys checkout KV ground.
We were supposed to have selections in 2nd half of KV ground along with BT people
MA2031 no class on Monday. It has been postponed to Tuesday 1-2 slot
Happy birthday!!!
Happy birthday!!
Happy new year!!!
Happy birthday!!
*Students of course CH5014: Interfacial Sciences*
There's an extra class tomorrow from 4:40pm to 5:30pm and regular class on Wednesday 11am.
After that course will continue in September end.
Here's the link to class notes which includes the portion for quiz 1 and 2-3 weeks after quiz. 

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1as1kHzQWRVYt86gS6iskrZoqyjdmQJmT?usp=sharing
No idea
But UN has requested students not to bunk classes
Students who are not there on the google group of this course 
DM me your roll no
😒
Whoever didn't submit 'Solubility of gases in organic solvent/water' report, submit it by today in HSB 151
Monday batch
